LLM Blog Generation: Unified Requirements
You are tasked with generating a complete, high-quality HTML blog post in a single step, using the provided template.html.bak as your base. Follow these requirements:
1. Template & Structure
Use template.html.bak as the structural foundation for the blog post.
Fill in all relevant sections (title, summary, introduction, main content, comments, discussion, sources, etc.) as indicated by the template.
Ensure the final output is a valid, well-formatted HTML file.
2. Research & Source Analysis
Search the web for the most up-to-date, credible, and relevant sources on the requested topic.
Analyze and synthesize information from these sources to inform your content.
Prioritize primary sources, academic articles, reputable news, and official documents.
Maintain a list of all sources used, with full citation details.
3. Content Generation
Write a detailed, engaging, and well-structured blog post on the requested topic.
Ensure the content is original, insightful, and demonstrates deep understanding.
Use clear, accessible language, but do not oversimplify complex points.
Integrate references directly into the text (e.g., superscript numbers or inline links) wherever claims, data, or quotations are made.
Each reference must correspond to a legitimate, verifiable source listed in the sources section.
4. Formatting & Presentation
Apply excellent formatting: use headings, subheadings, bullet points, and paragraphs for readability.
Ensure all links are valid and open in a new tab (target="_blank").
Use semantic HTML where possible (e.g., <section>, <article>, <aside>, <footer>)
Write condensed, clear, and detailed content using the existing HTML structure patterns.
**Cite your sources** using this format:
        ```html
        <a href="#source1" class="no-audio text-blue-600 dark:text-blue-400 hover:underline">[1]</a>!!!!!!
        ```
5. Comments & Discussion
Add a “Comments” section with at least 3 thoughtful, realistic user comments relevant to the blog content.
6. Web Digester/Glossary
Include a glossary section explaining any technical terms, acronyms, or jargon used in the post.
Optionally, provide a “Web Digester” summary: a concise, bullet-pointed list of the most important takeaways from the blog.
7. Source Linking & Attribution
Every factual statement, statistic, or quotation must be linked to a source in the text.
The “Sources” section at the end must list all references in a consistent, professional citation style (APA, MLA, or similar).
If using images or media, provide full attribution and source links.
8. Quality & Review
Ensure the blog post is free of spelling, grammar, and factual errors.
The content should be comprehensive, covering all major aspects of the topic.
Add brief HTML comments in the code to explain the purpose of each major section.
9. Output
Output only the final HTML file, ready for publication.
Do not include any extraneous text, explanations, or markdown—just the HTML.
Summary:
Use template.html.bak as your base.
Research, write, format, and cite a complete blog post in one step.
Integrate references, comments, discussion, glossary, and sources.
Output a single, high-quality HTML file.
Begin your work now.


Write an in-depth, highly detailed, and thoroughly researched blog post on the history and culture of skateboarding. Use a minimum of 20 reputable web sources, citing them throughout the text. Each section should be comprehensive, with substantial detail, context, and analysis—aim for a level of depth that would satisfy even the most dedicated skateboarding enthusiasts and historians.
Structure and Required Sections:
Origins and Early History
Trace the roots of skateboarding from its earliest forms (e.g., sidewalk surfing, crate scooters) to the first commercial skateboards.
Discuss the influence of surfing culture and the transition from homemade boards to mass production.
The Evolution of Skateboarding (1970s–Present)
Break down the major eras: 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, 2000s, 2010s, and 2020s.
For each era, detail technological innovations (e.g., urethane wheels, deck shapes), key events, and shifts in style and attitude.
Analyze how skateboarding responded to and influenced broader cultural trends.
Skate Fashion
Explore the evolution of skate fashion, from early surf-inspired looks to punk, hip-hop, and modern streetwear.
Discuss iconic brands, trends, and the influence of skateboarding on global fashion.
Gender in Skateboarding
Examine the role of women and non-binary skaters throughout history.
Highlight key figures, barriers faced, and the current state of gender diversity in skateboarding.
Skateboarding in the Olympics
Detail the journey to Olympic inclusion, controversies, and the impact on the skateboarding community.
Analyze the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and subsequent developments.
Famous Skateboarding Companies
Profile the most influential skate brands (e.g., Powell Peralta, Santa Cruz, Element, Girl, Supreme, Thrasher).
Discuss their histories, contributions, and cultural significance.
Skateboarding in Video Games
Chronicle the history of skateboarding video games, from early arcade titles to the Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater series and beyond.
Analyze their impact on skate culture and public perception.
Cultural Influence Beyond Skating
Explore how skateboarding has influenced music, art, film, language, and youth culture worldwide.
Discuss skateboarding’s role in activism, urban development, and community building.
Famous Figures in Skateboarding
Provide detailed profiles of legendary skaters (e.g., Tony Hawk, Rodney Mullen, Elissa Steamer, Mark Gonzales, Natas Kaupas, Leticia Bufoni, Nyjah Huston).
Include their achievements, styles, and influence on the sport and culture.
Corporations and Commercialization
Analyze the involvement of major corporations (e.g., Nike, Adidas, Red Bull) in skateboarding.
Discuss the tension between core skate culture and mainstream commercialization.
The Future of Skateboarding
Speculate on emerging trends, technology, and the evolving identity of skateboarding.
Instructions:
Use at least 20 reputable web sources, citing them in-text or as footnotes.
Write extensively for each section, providing historical context, anecdotes, and analysis.
Include quotes from skaters, historians, and industry figures where possible.
Make the post engaging for both newcomers and hardcore fans.
Where relevant, include images, video links, or references to documentaries for further exploration.
Goal:
Create the most comprehensive, detailed, and engaging blog post on the history and culture of skateboarding available online—a true magnum opus for skateboarding geeks and fans.

